hey guys I've got some really really big
news about the dark knight rises the
first official look at anne hathaway as
Selena Kyle AKA Catwoman has been
revealed if you'd like to check it out
right now you can click the link down in
the info and if you want to be the first
person to tell all of your friends about
this please click the tweeting and
facebooking links down below so when I
was about to see this image I knew where
it was I was about to click onto the
page to check it out on the website and
I was so excited because i was thinking
man what kind of Catwoman do they have
for us it's going to look so damn cool
cuz it's christopher nolan and i kind of
had like the arkham city the video game
the Batman Arkham City Catwoman in my
mind that I was like oh man this is
going to be awesome click go back then I
could throw click that's it that's it it
looks like spy kids 4 that's it and
that's it folks it's uh
severely disappointing in my opinion ah
but in all that we trust so we'll see no
but seriously does nothing we can do but
trust Christopher Nolan I trust the man
um I trust him I really don't know what
to make of this image but I think that
you know he knows what he's doing so I
can't just judge from an image maybe
this is not the final costume maybe she
doesn't even fully become Catwoman
nobody said it was Catwoman they said
it's Selena Kyle they didn't say
Catwoman so uh you know I don't know
maybe maybe she's not officially
Catwoman maybe she's just Selina Kyle
spy kids 4 I don't know but please let
me know in the comments what you think
about this I know there's going to be
some varying opinions strong varying
opinions so please let me know what you
think in the comments if you want to be
the first of your friends to know the
latest Dark Knight Rises news please
click the subscribe button above my head
as soon as I hear anything else about
the dark knight rises I will let you
guys know and that's pretty much it